convert to origami 2.0 component (#144)
Financial-Times/o-banner: README.md

## Sass

> As with all Origami components, o-banner has a [silent mode](http://origami.ft.com/docs/syntax/scss/#silent-styles). To use its compiled CSS (rather than using its mixins with your own Sass) call `@include oBanner();` in your Sass after you've imported the o-banner Sass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include the "primary mixin"`oBanner` to output all `o-banner` styles for all banner variants.

```scss
@import 'o-banner/main';

@include oBanner();```
```

> o-banner includes a primary mixin that takes an `$opts` parameter. The `themes` key of `$opts` includes styles for [themes](#themes). The `layouts` key includes styles for [layouts](#layouts):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To output styles only for the variants of `o-banner` your project uses, the "primary mixin"  `oBanner` accepts an `$opts` argument. The `themes` key of `$opts` includes styles for [themes](#themes). The `layouts` key includes styles for [layouts](#layouts):
```

State | Major Version | Last Minor Release | Migration guide |
:---: | :---: | :---: | :---:
✨ active | 4 | N/A | [migrate to v4](MIGRATION.md#migrating-from-v3-to-v4) |
⚠ maintained | 3 | 3.4 | [migrate to v3](MIGRATION.md#migrating-from-v2-to-v3) |
╳ deprecated | 2 | 2.3 | [migrate to v2](MIGRATION.md#migrating-from-v1-to-v2) |
╳ deprecated | 1 | 1.7 | N/A |

## Contact

If you have any questions or comments about this component, or need help using it, please either [raise an issue](https://github.com/Financial-Times/o-banner/issues), visit [#origami-support](https://financialtimes.slack.com/messages/origami-support/) or email [Origami Support](mailto:origami-support@ft.com).

> ***

Reviewer 2: dinkus
